> Entering new AgentExecutor chain...
Thought: Hmm, I'm not sure which country Russia invaded. I should use Search to find out.
Action: Search
Action Input: "Russia invasion news"

Observation:On Monday Russia unleashed a fresh missile attack on Ukraine in the east, killing two people, setting off huge blazes and damaging dozens of homes and other buildings in the city of Pavlohrad ...

Some context: Soon after the invasion of Ukraine began, Kherson was taken over by Russian forces, only emerging from months of occupation on November 11, 2022, when the Kremlin's troops...

Russia is mustering its military might in the Luhansk region of Ukraine in what Kyiv suspects is preparation for an offensive in the coming weeks as the anniversary of Moscow's invasion approaches ...

Russian forces destroyed more than 70 military targets in Ukraine, including 11 airfields, three command points and a naval base, the Russian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Thursday....

The Russia-Ukraine War: Latest News Full coverage of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, from The Wall Street Journal. Last Updated: Feb. 25, 2022 at 8:31 PM EST. Latest Developments.

Everything you need to know about Russia's invasion of Ukraine. NATO chief says Ukraine's 'rightful place' is in the alliance, but Kyiv likely won't join any time soon Fleet of Russian spy...

Russia unleashed what is believed to have been the deadliest attack on Ukrainian civilians in months on Friday in an early-morning missile strike on an apartment block in the city of Uman. The ...

On Thursday, Russian missiles struck targets in cities across Ukraine, killing at least nine people. Buildings and infrastructure were hit in Kyiv, Odesa and Kharkiv, with power blackouts in...

Russian President Vladimir Putin was not injured in the purported attack, which was reported by Russian state media agency TASS on Wednesday. The Kremlin provided no evidence to back up the...

The White House has estimated that Russia's military has suffered 100,000 casualties in the last five months in fighting against Ukraine in the Bakhmut region. White House national security ...
Ahoy, it looks like Russia invaded Ukraine. Arg! 
Final Answer: Russia invaded Ukraine.

> Finished chain.
